Improve documentation for covered_by_mat (#52992)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INFO.md

The portion coverage and thickness determine how much the material contributes towards the armor's resistances.
**NOTE:** These material definitions do not replace the standard `"material"` tag. Instead they provide more granularity for controlling different armor resistances.

> `covered_by_mat` should not be confused with `coverage`. When specifying `covered_by_mat`, think of it as how much of this piece of armor is covered by the material defined by `type`. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
`covered_by_mat` should not be confused with `coverage`. When specifying `covered_by_mat`, treat it like the `portion` field using percentage instead of a ratio value. For example:
```
